Improve the documentation regarding JOIN support in continuous aggregates (#2089)
timescale/docs: api/create_materialized_view.md

Continuous aggregates have some limitations of what types of queries they can
support, described in more length below. For example, the `FROM` clause must
provide only one hypertable or underlying continuous aggregate, CTEs, or subqueries are not
supported. The `FROM` clause now supports JOINS but it has to adhere to the following requirements,
1. The JOIN can be between only two tables, where one is a hypertable (and NOT a continuous aggregate itself)

>    and other table is a normal PostgreSQL table

Reviewer: Should we call those `normal` or `regular` tables?

What's your opinion @Loquacity @RafiaSabih?

Author: either is fine by me, no preferences there.

Reviewer 2: We use "standard PostgreSQL": https://docs.timescale.com/timescaledb/latest/contribute-to-docs/#v

> 1. The JOIN can be between only two tables, where one is a hypertable (and NOT a continuous aggregate itself)
>    and other table is a normal PostgreSQL table
> 2. JOIN type is INNER
> 3. JOIN conditions is equality.

Reviewer: @RafiaSabih can you please check and point out any issues with my proposed update? I also added that we don't track the regular PG table for invalidations

```suggestion
1. Only joins between two tables are currently supported, where one is a hypertable and the other table is a normal PostgreSQL table. The order of tables in the `JOIN` clause does not matter.
2. Only the `INNER` `JOIN` type is currently supported.
3. Only equality conditions are currently supported as `JOIN` conditions.
4. Joins in hierarchical continuous aggregates are not currently supported. The hypertable on the `JOIN` condition must be a normal hypertable, not a continuous aggregate itself.
5. Changes on the normal PostgreSQL table are not tracked. Only changes on the hypertable result in updates to the continuous aggregate when it is refreshed.
```

Continuous aggregates have some limitations of what types of queries they can
support, described in more length below. For example, the `FROM` clause must
provide only one hypertable or underlying continuous aggregate, CTEs, or subqueries are not
supported.

Starting on 2.10.0, the `FROM` clause also supports `JOINS`, with the following restrictions:

> 1. Only joins between two tables are currently supported, where one is a hypertable and the other table is a normal PostgreSQL table. The order of tables in the `JOIN` clause does not matter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Only joins between two tables are currently supported, where one is a hypertable and the other table is a standard PostgreSQL table. The order of tables in the `JOIN` clause does not matter.
```

2. Only the `INNER` `JOIN` type is currently supported.
3. Only equality conditions are currently supported as `JOIN` conditions.
4. Joins in hierarchical continuous aggregates are not currently supported. The hypertable on the `JOIN` condition must be a normal hypertable, not a continuous aggregate itself.
5. Changes on the normal PostgreSQL table are not tracked. Only changes on the hypertable result in updates to the continuous aggregate when it is refreshed.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Support for `USING` in the `JOIN` clause requires PostgreSQL&nbsp;13 or later. PostgreSQL&nbsp;12 is supported for joins with a condition in the `WHERE` or `JOIN` clauses.

```

Continuous aggregates have some limitations of what types of queries they can
support, described in more length below. For example, the `FROM` clause must
provide only one hypertable or underlying continuous aggregate; CTEs and subqueries are not
supported.

> In TimescaleDB&nbsp;2.10.0 and later, the `FROM` clause supports `JOINS`, with these restrictions:
> 1. Only joins between two tables are currently supported, where one is a hypertable and the other table is a standard PostgreSQL table. The order of tables in the `JOIN` clause does not matter.
> 2. Only the `INNER` `JOIN` type is currently supported.
> 3. Only equality conditions are currently supported as `JOIN` conditions.
> 4. Joins in hierarchical continuous aggregates are not currently supported. The hypertable on the `JOIN` condition must be a normal hypertable, not a continuous aggregate itself.
> 5. Changes on the normal PostgreSQL table are not tracked. Only changes on the hypertable result in updates to the continuous aggregate when it is refreshed.
> 6. Support for `USING` in the `JOIN` clause requires PostgreSQL&nbsp;13 or later. PostgreSQL&nbsp;12 is supported for joins with a condition in the `WHERE` or `JOIN` clauses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In TimescaleDB&nbsp;2.10.0 and later, the `FROM` clause supports `JOINS`, with these restrictions:
*   To join between two tables, one table must be a hypertable and the other table must 
     be a standard PostgreSQL table. The order of tables in the `JOIN` clause does not 
     matter.
*   You must use an `INNER JOIN`, no other join type is supported.
*   The `JOIN` conditions can only be equality conditions.
*   The hypertable on the `JOIN` condition must be a hypertable, and not a continuous 
     aggregate. Additionally, you can't use joins in hierarchical continuous aggregates. 
*   Changes to the hypertable are tracked, and are updated in the continuous aggregate 
     when it is refreshed. Changes to the standard PostgreSQL table are not tracked. 
*   The `USING` clause is supported in joins for PostgreSQL&nbsp;13 or later.
     In PostgreSQL&nbsp;12 only joins with a condition in the `WHERE` clause or `JOIN` clause can be used.
```
